oh my goodness just kidding I trained my
ankles to do this and you can do it too
first the crazy stuff you're seeing me
do is not the actual exercise do these
three easy steps first step one active
all you do is use your hand to resist
the movement of your ankle you should
feel it stretching and flexing all along
there and eventually you can use your
body weight to add resistance through
that stretch if you like and step two
passive just hold your ankle in a
stretch for 30 seconds and then rest and
then 30 more seconds on both sides and
lastly incorporate some of this into
your life if you're standing in line
micro do the stretch a little bit it
also helps that my feet are really
strong from wearing palas code stay
flexy ata.com it's also linked in my bio
stay Flexi